u sure this is good most of the things are not working brother honestly the langgage its displaying only in english otother lang evenif we select zk id is not geertaed ngo i dont knnow which to link i dont have nay brother and also have to fix all that havent tested backend tell me how i can test please and also brother if i want to post this prjoect on linkedin what should i do tell me and what to write something impressive everyone who is not at all interested should readthe full thing how should i and also brother in this way can u give some more ideas so that i make a project please and give the whole description and the post should be very impressive brother can uplease enhance this app? like by creating a hand something like this which matches this app's motto im not able to find it should be at the background of the frontend like not soo highledhed btu a bliurry image u unnderstand na brother please dont remove any existing feeatures please also solvethe errors please and also brother there are many errors specially in tthe community im getin g this error brother [plugin:runtime-error-plugin] A <Select.Item /> must have a value prop that is not an empty string. This is because the Select value can be set to an empty string to clear the selection and show the placeholder.
Click outside, press Esc key, or fix the code to dismiss.
You can also disable this overlay by setting server.hmr.overlay to false in vite.config.ts. and also the multilanguage is not working brother like if i choose any other language from the drop down its just only in english nothing is coming up can u change the real impact stories sentence to this 💬 “For the first time, I felt safe to speak.”
"I had faced something no one should ever go through. But fear of being blamed, judged, or exposed kept me silent. Then I found SpeakSecure. It let me report everything anonymously. No one knew who I was, but someone finally listened. The NGO team took action — and for once, I felt seen, heard, and protected."
— Anonymous Survivor, India
✅ Sexual assault case addressed • July2025

and loook this backend is not working only brother and when i submit the report it is telling zk id is not generated and please please i reqestt u not to change the frontend please brother the only changes i told please do that itself brother please please brother dont change the ui frontend part it looks good please focus on backend please i could not continue in the previous mail because the limit got over soo please be kind tome brother this project is verry very crucial make it as if ur doing this project for ur ownself please